Hey, guys, what's up?
This is a marathon, and I welcome you to another Dorelle on this course, on Ruby and in this story
we are going to cover the Philmont.
So whatever is going to be a part of the next story on from this tutorial is going to be basically have
this file more so before going on with how to create a new file, how to read or write to a file.
This story is very important because you need to know the modes in which you can basically create a
file or you can just open a file.
So to talk about these, I created a table for that.
So these are some of the Morts and their operations are written right in front of them.
The first mode is the AH mode in which you can open a file or you can create a file, and that is known
as the read on the access file.
So if you want to open a file and you want to only give the access of Read-Only, then you can use this
Modarres to give the user only the read-only permissions.
Then you have the R plus that basically gives the permission of read as well as rights to read and write.
Access are given through the hour plus then you have W that gives only the right only access.
So basically the R and the W, if you just combine them then that is known as R plus, which is about
where you get the permissions of both read and write, then you have got a plus as well that also give
the reader and right access the very same as R plus.
Then you have got this egg that gives the right on the access which is very similar to W and then you
have the ableist that gives the read and write access similar to the plus an hour plus.
But there is, there are situations where I have to, you have to use this Arblaster where you have
to use plus and where you have to use airplanes because it would be totally unnecessary to create three
types of more with the same operations.
They are a bit different from each other in some prospectives.
So unmoored from the next tutorial, maybe you will be using some or maybe you will be using all of
these modes in the future examples.
So in that then you will see the examples of that.
So I guess that's it with this tutorial.
Thank you so much for watching.
And I'll see you guys in the next tutorial where we are creating our first file.
So my till then.